# Awesome_Lists 

## English Movies

Seen

  

1. Inception
2. Shutter Island
3. Lucy
4. Limitless
5. Ex Machina
6. Butterfly effect
7. Prestige
8. Now you see me - 1 and 2
9. DC movies
10. Exam
11. Source Code
12. Project almanac
13. Shawshank Redemption
14. Interstellar
15. Gravity
16. Momento
17. Oceans 11, 12, 13
18. Predestination

  

Yet to see

  

1. Triangle
2. Primer
3. Inglorious bastards
4. Unusual suspects
5. Illusionist
6. Machinist
7. Zodiac
8. Insomnia
9. Trance, Loft, Enter the void

  




## Books

Read

  

1. The subtle art of not giving a fuck
2. Memory

  

Reading

  

1. Stephen Hawking’s book
2. Fight Club

  

Yet to read

  

1. ASOIAF - 5 book
2. Richard Feynmann’s book
3. Rich dad poor dad
4. The one minute manager

  

Yet to download

  

1. Reject me, I love it - John Furman
2. Who moved my cheese? - Ken Blanchard and Spencer Johnson
3. How to win friends and influence people - Dale Carnegie
4. Power of subconcious mind - Dr. Murphy
5. Think Grow Rich - Napolean Hill
6. <font style="font-size: 14px;" face="Helvetica Neue"><span style='orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size: 14px; font-family: "Helvetica Neue"; color: rgb(34, 34, 34);'>Awaken the Giant within - Antony Robins</span></font>
7. The power of positive thinking - Norman Vincent peale
8. The magic of thinking big
9. As a man thinketh - James Allen
10. The law of Sucess - Napolean Hil
11. Way of the peaceful warrior - Dan Millman
12. Acres of Diamond - Conwell

  





## TV Series

Seen

  

1. Breaking Bad
2. GoT
3. Prisonbreak
4. Arrow
5. Silicon Valley
6. Big Bang Theory
7. Mr Robot
8. Black Mirror

  

Seeing

  

1. Young Sheldon
2. Flash

  

Yet to see

  

1. Wire
2. Person of Interest
3. Friends
4. How I met your mother
5. Suits
6. Seinfeild
7. Rick Morty
8. Castle

  




